Previously on "How to Get Away
With Murder"...
I shot Annalise Keating,
but I was drugged
by Philip Jessup.
The police won't tell us
anything about Philip,
if they know where he is.
It's not my job
to take care of you anymore.
I just got an e-mail.
It's a video
from that night.
Connor, talk to me.
I think Philip's back.
Laurel: I just can't
keep doing this,
not if I'm ever going
to actually get to know you.
I killed Lila.
[ Gasping ]
Who are you?
I won't let you get hurt
or your son.
Laurel: Wes went
to the health center,
and they checked him
into the psych ward.
He's a mess.
He just needs you
to forgive him.
♪♪
Annalise:
Just sit down, Rose.
Come on. Sit down.
Come on.
I'm sorry,
but I was afraid
that you would refuse to talk
to me if you knew who I was.
And you think
this is better?
I'm not asking you to lie.
I only want you
to tell me what you know.
You're asking me
for a lot more than that.
Just tell me
what you saw that night.
Why do we have
to go through this again?
Because your story has
to be airtight if we
put you on the stand.
It's stayed the same
every time you've asked.
Then you don't mind
telling me one more time.
Let's go.
From the beginning.
It's a habit
I picked up from my father --
[ Sighs ]
first one in, last one out.
I've worked the night shift
since I started,
get there at 8:00,
finish up around 3:00 a.m.
What time would you get
to the 11th floor?
Around midnight.
I guess I started dozing off
around midnight,
decided that I should
head home,
so I started
packing up my stuff
when the, uh,
cleaning lady came in.
Rose.
Rose, yeah.
Right.
Did you see anyone when you
got out of the elevator?
No.
The floor was empty.
But then I went into
the corner office and saw him --
Mr. Mahoney.
-Which one?
-Charles.
The young one.
The older one
never stayed that late.
We talked about the weather,
something like that,
how the rain
hadn't let up.
And, um...then I left.
What did you talk about?
The rain.
Did they tell you
to say that?
No.
The roads were slick,
so...
it took me longer
to get home that night.
When I saw the police lights
on my street,
I thought maybe there had,
you know, been a car accident.
Then I saw they were
outside our front door.
[ Sniffles ]
So, I-I pushed inside,
and I saw Vickie.
[ Sniffles ]
She was covered in blood.
That's -- That's enough.
We're done.
I've got good news.
Your story matches Rose's.
You spoke to her?
She's agreed to testify.
Congratulations.
You've got your alibi.
[ Sighs ]
Is she dead?
What did we do?
Connor:
His e-mail is Argus.
It's from Greek mythology.
Argus is a 100-eyed giant
who sees everything,
which means Philip...
has seen everything.
Isn't that cute of him?
He's taunting us with nicknames.
So what
do you want me to do?
I'm not in the video.
You don't get
to hold a grudge right now.
No?
Because you all said
some very hurtful things.
Yeah, and you made us shoot you,
so I think that we're even.
Laurel shot me.
You ran away,
as you tend to do.
Interesting, too,
isn't it,
that you're the only one
not in this?
What, you think
that I sent it?
Anything's possible
with you people.
Okay.
Let's be clear
about something.
[ Sighs ]
I was a mess that night.
So I didn't stop
to record anything.
Plus, I went
back in the house.
Don't you remember that?
I tried to stop you
from bleeding out.
M-Maybe I did.
I mean, maybe I'm the reason
that you're still alive.
[ Sighs ]
I'm sorry.
It's just --
We need your help.
Please.
Finally, you remember
your manners.
Call the others.
Wait. Isn't it better
that they don't know?
Especially Asher.
He could flip out.
Millstone is the reason
we're in this mess.
He doesn't get a pass.
Call everyone
except for Wes.
We spent that whole time
defending Rebecca.
You -- You sat
in that courtroom with us,
even after
what we did with Sam.
The only reason why any of that
was okay was because...
[ Sighs, sniffles ]
he killed Lila -- Sam.
Not you.
It was me.
Why?
See?
You can't say it,
because you're lying.
You didn't do it!
I did.
Then tell me
why you did it.
Was it because
you knew Lila?
Because you were
sleeping with her?
-No.
-Then tell me why!
I had to.
[ Sighs ] Why?
[ Telephone ringing ]
Don't you dare
answer that.
-It's Annalise.
-I don't care.
[ Ringing continues ]
Oh, my God.
[ Sighs ]
You did it for Annalise?
'Cause Annalise knew that,
uh, Sam got Lila pregnant.
So she had you kill her?
I'll explain.
Just...
[ Ringing continues ]
Hang on.
[ Inhales deeply ]
[ Sighs ]
Sorry.
I was in the shower.
Bonnie: Philip recorded the kids
at the mansion that night.
What?
Just get to the house.
I'll explain.
Okay.
Okay, w-w-we'll be
right there.
[ Cellphone ringing ]
[ Sniffles ]
iNo manches!
iVete muchísimo a la fregada!
[ Gasps ]
Ay, tranquila, tranquila.
[ Ringing continues ]
Tranquila, respira...
♪♪
Bonnie: Frank, finally.
Where's Laurel?
What, she's not here?
No, and she's not
answering her phone.
Maybe Philip kidnapped someone
for real this time.
-What took you so long?
-I didn't hear my phone.
Will someone please show me
the fricking video?
What do we do,
respond?
We should call Oliver,
have him hack that bitch back.
-No.
-I agree.
It's too dangerous
to involve Oliver.
Frank, get your guy
to see if he can find out
where the e-mail
came from.
Well, what do we do
if we find him?
I mean,
we're not gonna...
He's a hacker. We're not gonna
be able to find him by tracking
his I.P. address.
-We have to try.
It's a trap.
He didn't send it
to the police.
He sent it to us, because
the only thing it proves
is that Philip also was at the
scene of the crime that night.
So, sit down,
take a deep breath,
and let Mommy take care of it
the way she always does.
[ Knock on door, door opens ]
If this is about
why Michaela keeps calling,
I don't care.
Me, neither.
[ Sniffles ]
Then why are you here?
-Who's Charles Mahoney?
-I don't know.
[ Cellphone ringing ]
What's going on?
[ Sighs ] Nothing.
You're acting weird.
You are, too.
I had a fight with Frank,
and I don't want
to talk about it.
Well, I don't want
to talk, either,
but you came here.
Tell me
who Charles Mahoney is,
and then I'll tell you
what our fight was about.
I don't know who he is.
Right, but then you have a whole
file of things about his trial?
Annalise dropped it off.
You saw her?
No, she just left
this file here,
and I don't know why...
other than
to make me go crazy.
Go crazy about what?
My mother.
Annalise knew her.
[ Computer chimes ]
Connor: Oh, my God.
What?
Dude,
open your pie hole.
He e-mailed again.
Annalise!
Annalise: "Deposit $1 million
in the below account
within 36 hours,
or this goes to the police..."
Connor: Now what...
Mommy?
Frank.
My office.
Retire
the Men's Warehouse.
What the hell?
You have to look the part
if I'm taking you to Ohio.
I get to go?
No hotel bars,
no girls, no anything.
I need you on your "A" game,
assuming you have one.
-I'll be a saint.
-Ooh.
[ Laughs ]
Like a glove.
What's this?
New duds
for the Mahoney trial.
Oh, Fishtown's going
to the majors.
Congrats.
-Thanks.
How long we going for?
-No more than a month.
-A month?
-Seriously,
what if that thing decides
to come out early?
Women have been giving birth
since time began.
I could definitely
stand in a courtroom
while pregnant
and kick ass.
I was only asking so I can
pick which weekends to visit.
Oh, no, no, no, I don't
want you sniffing around,
talking to my belly.
Exactly.
We got to focus on the case.
Ohio, here we come.
[ Chuckles ]
Laurel:
We should go to Ohio.
We could read the transcript,
see how your mom was involved.
No.
There's got to be
a ton of flights.
We're not flying to Ohio
when I can just ask Annalise.
She doesn't want
to see you.
How do you know that?
Because I asked her
to help me get you
out of the psych ward,
and she said no.
Don't worry.
She'll get over it.
But we can get the answers
on our own until that happens.
I don't have money to just
buy a last-minute plane --
It's on my father.
Window or aisle?
♪♪
Frank: You want to know
why Philip's an idiot?
'Cause he thinks
a self-employed lawyer's
got $1 million lying around.
Well, I do have
some of it.
Sam's insurance money.
And if you want
something to worry about,
find your girlfriend.
The more time goes by,
the more I think
she actually did get kidnapped.
Enter the word or phrase
separated by plus signs,
and it'll find
all instances of that word
from the judicial database.
So, if we were looking
for Rose Gibbins --
Actually, it's...
Rose Edmond.
[ Keyboard keys clacks ]
[ Computer beeps ]
What if we wanted to pull up
all the court transcripts
from a specific case --
U.S. v. Charles Mahoney?
-When was the trial?
-2005.
All court transcripts
before '09 are hard copy only.
I can have them delivered
from storage if you like.
We have time.
Mm.
Suit yourself.
So, Gibbins is
your dad's last name?
No.
They changed my name when
I went into foster care.
-Who did?
-My foster family.
They thought it'd
help me acclimate.
And you believed that?
[ Cellphone chimes ]
No, of course you did.
I-I just...
Frank?
Such a baby.
[ Sighs ]
I'll go get us
some snacks or something.
Annalise: How much do you earn
at your janitorial position
at Mahoney Hedge Management?
-Seven an hour.
-That's not a lot.
A woman in your position might
try to earn money in other ways.
Testifying in this trial,
for example.
I didn't get paid
to do this.
You're telling us there wasn't
a bank account set up?
Maybe a college fund
for your son, Christophe,
in return
for your cooperation?
You promised you wouldn't
bring my son into this.
Don't look at her.
I'm the one asking
the questions.
What about a green card
to stay in the country?
This was a mistake.
I can't do this for you.
Your immigration status
has nothing to do
with you testifying.
You say that,
but a prosecutor might want
to call I.C.E.,
and then what happens
to Christophe?
You can trust me.
I won't let anyone hurt
you two.
Shame on you --
using your own baby
to make me do this.
Rose, wait.
I can fix this, all right?
Listen,
let me explain.
She wants assurance that she'll
be protected from deportation.
Tell her yes.
I did, but she specifically
asked to testify anonymously.
I spoke to the judge,
and he agreed,
so she'll be giving
a statement in another room,
her identity
and voice obscured.
What jury
is going to believe a witness
hiding behind a black dot?
It's my job to make them
believe her.
How?
You need to look
into someone's eyes
to know whether or not
they're telling the truth.
That's not gonna
happen here.
So either we agree to this,
or Charles loses his alibi.
You tell Rose
that the only reason
she and her son have a roof
over their heads
is because of the paychecks this
company has been giving them
over the years.
Don't look at him.
Shall I talk to her?
Do you need me
to take care of this?
We need to trust
Ms. Keating, Sylvia.
We hired her
for a reason.
She has a reputation
for taking risks.
Dad, there has to be
some other way.
I mean, she's poor --
-Shut your mouth.
This woman holds our son's life
completely in her hands.
As a parent,
I'm sure she can appreciate
how concerned we are
for his fate.
Please remind her
of that.
[ Sighs ] Laurel and Wes' phones
are both going to voicemail.
Shh.
If I can prove
there's no premeditation,
I can plead
voluntary manslaughter.
That's, what, 10 years?
15, max?
I'd be massive by the time
I get out, all swole and --
What are you doing
right now?
I'm just trying
to get ahead of this thing
before the video comes out.
-It's not going to.
Okay, but if it does,
it's only fair that I take
the fall and explain everything,
or at least some --
-Do you trust me?
-Yeah.
-Then believe me when I say
I will tell you when
it's time to freak out.
We're not there yet.
You know what would
help calm him down?
You banging him.
You bang him.
I'm fine right here.
Just talked to Laurel.
She's in bed with the flu.
-What'd you do?
-Nothing.
Seriously, I'm a much better
boyfriend these days.
What?
That's how we're gonna
go get the money.
Michaela?
-Yeah?
-Get your coat.
We're gonna pay a visit
to your boyfriend.
I hate it here.
How do you think I feel?
What is this?
A rare occurrence
when I come to offer an apology.
You were right
about Philip.
It's in all our interests
to find him.
What changed your mind?
To be honest, Ms. Pratt made
a strong case on your behalf.
So how do we find him?
First, you give me
a $250,000 retainer --
all cash, so there's no record
of our working together.
-Done. Then?
-You go to Catherine.
You get her to tell
you everything she
knows about Philip.
-She already told us
what she knows.
-Has she?
She in prison
because of Philip.
Why would she still
hide anything?
Because she's scared to tell you
the truth, disappoint you.
You have to stop making her out
to be the villain here.
We're not saying
she's the villain.
We're saying
she's been victimized by one.
And you're the only one
she'll open up to,
especially if she thinks
Philip is still a danger to you.
Just talk to her.
That's all we're asking.
Catherine:
You let her in our house?
The FBI won't
tell us anything,
but Annalise, she wants
to help us find Philip.
Why?
Have you thought about that?
She was shot, Catherine.
Like you need to remind me.
She blames Philip
for that, not you.
So if there's
something else you know...
I won't be mad.
[ Sniffles ]
I love you.
Just tell me.
Did he do it?
Kill Mom and Dad?
Maybe I did it myself.
Don't say that.
Maybe I killed them
for Philip
because he's the brother
who'd actually love me
the way I always wanted.
You were the one who was
supposed to have my back.
[ Sniffles, sighs ]
You sure know
how to pick them.
Must have been
one long-ass trial.
Happy hunting.
♪♪
Schuler:
Mahoney Hedge Management
has been under surveillance by
the FBI and the FEC for years.
The government believes
that the company founded and run
by Wallace Mahoney swindled
millions from their clients,
hardworking citizens
who trusted Wallace and Charles
with their savings.
But the Mahoneys have yet
to be brought to justice.
Why? Because the one person
on the inside with a conscience,
Vickie Moran,
was brutally bludgeoned to death
by her fiancé,
Charles Mahoney.
He discovered that she was about
to turn on him and his family,
so he killed her
with his own two hands.
Annalise: It's easy
for the prosecution to paint
someone like Charles Mahoney
as a greedy,
money-hungry monster
out to protect his fortune.
It's a cliché
that the prosecutor
is counting on you
to believe.
But it's a story he's made up,
a piece of bad fiction
with no merit
and not a single piece
of physical evidence
against my client, Charles.
Here is the witness list.
Is she on it?
No, but do any of the names
look familiar?
Kain: I'm Special Agent
Alexandra Kain.
Ms. Moran started working
with me three months
prior to her murder.
Christophe,
you're not in trouble.
She had been resistant
to my previous attempts,
but then agreed
to act as my informant
after a physical-abuse
altercation with the defendant.
Objection.
Hearsay.
Sustained.
Wes: There's
an anonymous witness.
G-34.
Why would they allow a witness
to testify anonymously?
If the judge believed
their life was in danger.
It must be her.
Dr. Drumford:
The fatal blow struck the victim
on the back of the head,
lacerating a four-inch section
of the scalp.
Annalise: Objection.
Lack of scientific foundation.
Lacks: The trajectory
of blood spatter shows
the angle of impact.
-Vickie told me
Charles was acting strange...
-...since 2003...
-...and she thought his company
was in some trouble.
Yardley: ...and had seen profits
exceeding all our expectations.
Here.
I found her.
Annalise: My first witness
will testify anonymously
via closed-circuit
television feed.
The jury should note that
the witness will be under oath
and that their testimony
should be given the same weight
as any other testimony.
"Judge: 'Ms. Keating,
do you need more time'"...
to collect your witness?
-No, your honor.
My associate has assured me
that the witness is ready.
It should just be
another moment.
[ Spectators murmuring ]
[ Murmuring continues ]
Ms. Keating...
this is getting
rather ludicrous.
[ Door opens ]
[ Door closes ]
-She didn't show.
-No, keep looking.
Witness G-34 is listed
as failure to appear.
She never testified.
Annalise: Why do you think
I brought you with me?
To prevent this exact thing
from happening.
She said she had
to use the ladies --
Wh-what, was I supposed
to follow her in there?
Go away.
I'll get her back.
And the jury?
How do we make sure
we get them back?
It's a setback.
I've overcome worse.
My corporate attorneys
told me not to hire you,
but every judge
and lawyer friend I know told me
that we would need a woman
if we had any chance at winning.
And with a jury made up
mostly of minorities,
a woman of color
would be best.
So I found you.
Turns out, there aren't a lot
of women like you out there,
which is why I went
against my instincts
and chose
to ignore this.
Maybe it'd even make you
more sympathetic to the jury,
I thought.
But now...
[ Sighs ]
...don't give
your people a bad name.
♪♪
[ Ringing, receiver clicks ]
Sam: Hey, she's alive.
Barely.
I might be home
sooner than I thought.
-Really?
You already get
your "not guilty"?
I messed up
with a witness today,
and I'm
about to be fired.
You want my opinion?
Why else
would I be calling you?
[ Chuckles ]
I think
you should quit.
Who cares about keeping some
bastard rich kid out of jail?
That said,
you will hate yourself
if you walk away
right now,
and then I'll bear the brunt
of your crankiness for weeks.
So either way,
it's about your feelings.
Well, who else's matter?
You know what?
I'm gonna quit
just to make you suffer.
[ Laughs ]
Suffer how?
Uh-huh.
No, I want
to hear you say it.
[ Door closes ]
Bonnie:
Caleb just called.
Catherine gave him nothing.
[ Sighs ]
You know, we could stop.
Let it all burn.
We'll go to jail.
But is this
really better than that?
I never wanted children.
Never even crossed my mind
till I turned your age,
and everyone asking,
"When? Why not?
You'll feel different when
the baby's in your hands.
It's the greatest experience
of your life."
Now I have five of them,
and I know...
it's the worst
experience of my life.
Everyone, go home.
Is everything okay?
No, but we're not gonna fix
anything tonight.
But what about the deadline?
We only have like 12 more hours.
We'll meet up in the morning,
decide what to do then.
Go. Have sex, get drunk,
whatever makes you happy,
'cause we don't know what the
hell is gonna happen tomorrow.
[ Sighs ]
They're closing.
We can come back tomorrow.
Wes?
They killed her...
...when she didn't testify.
And made it look like
a suicide?
You sound like Asher.
Except this time,
it's true.
Annalise needs my mom
as a witness,
but gets her killed,
leaves her son an orphan,
so when he applies
to law school,
she helps him get in...
I only got accepted here
two days ago...
from the wait list.
...adds a fifth spot to her team
so he can work with her...
I've decided
to hire one more of you.
And that one will be...
Wes Gibbins.
...and she protected me...
even after what I did.
[ Gasps ]
Wes: I'm so sorry.
Don't be.
Tell me I'm wrong,
Laurel.
Michaela: I didn't come
because of Annalise.
I came to see
how you were doing.
-How do you think I'm doing?
-Bitchy, apparently.
So much so
you can't appreciate
a friend coming
to check on you.
'Cause I'm sorry,
but I don't see
anyone else here.
Michaela.
I'm sorry.
It's just...
What?
-Catherine.
-Did she say something?
No.
I-it's just...
I've never seen her
this way.
And I know that's
just what jail does
and that I need to be
there for her, but...
[ Sighs ]
I don't know what
to believe anymore.
You believe what
makes you feel better.
I've missed you.
I know
that's weird to say.
We don't know each other
that well.
We've seen
each other naked.
I think that means
we know each other.
♪ I ♪
♪ Sing about this feeling ♪
Can I?
You don't have to ask.
♪ And I ♪
♪ Love it when you hear me ♪
♪ I ♪
♪ Sing about this feeling ♪
There was this case
in New Jersey --
the defendant argued diminished
capacity because she had PMS.
They dropped the charge
from murder to manslaughter.
I could argue
something chemical too, right?
Like -- Like 'roid rage
or something --
Asher, I'm not
doing this with you.
Well, as my lawyer,
I-I might make you.
I'm not your lawyer.
I-I know technically you --
I'm not your girlfriend,
either.
I protected you
that night,
and that
confused things.
But I can't be
that person for you.
There's never
a chance that...
things could change
in the future?
No.
You should go home
and sleep.
You'll feel better
in the morning.
Okay.
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
♪ We will dance, dance,
dance, dance, dance ♪
♪ When we're dead, dead, dead,
dead, dead ♪
♪ On our way to heaven ♪
Wait.
You eat red meat, right?
Look at me.
Of course
I eat red meat.
Are you sure
I can't help?
Nope, you stay right there.
I got this.
[ Sighs ]
What?
Nothing.
This looks good.
Save the compliments
till you've tasted it.
Oliver:
Honey, I'm home.
[ Chuckles ]
Uh, what was that?
Uh, it was
just work stuff.
Okay, look, I know our sex life
hasn't been the greatest
since "the farter" took over
the living room,
but if you're on Dude4Dude
right now --
No, no, no,
It's just -- Look.
[ Sighs ]
Stanford.
I'm applying
to transfer.
And I want you
to come with me.
What are you
talking about?
Philip,
the serial killer,
he -- he knows
where we live.
I don't know why we're
waiting for him to break in
while we're sleeping
to steal locks of our hair
when we should be moving.
-Okay, so let's move.
Doesn't mean it has to be
3,000 miles away.
It's Silicon Valley.
I mean, y-you'll be
readily employed
and by someone far more
appreciative than Annalise.
Wow, she's really done
a number on you.
Just think
about it, okay?
[ Chuckles ]
It's warm.
We'll do yoga
all the time,
and our asses
will be totally toned.
[ Sighs ] Okay, well, I've never
even seen you study a lick,
so let's just see
if you get in.
My ass is offended.
Oh, yeah?
Is it?
Well, let me see it.
I'll be sure
to make it feel better.
You're the horniest person
I know.
You love it.
[ Laughs ]
Okay.
What's up?
Nothing.
Really?
'Cause the dress
and you cooking --
I'm not sure what I'm supposed
to be thinking right now.
It's dinner.
There's nothing to think about.
Okay, but do you blame me
for at least wondering
why you're doing
all this?
You know, I was just trying
to do something nice for you.
[ Dish clatters ]
[ Sighs ]
You want me to go?
Do what you want.
I'm sorry, okay,
for saying that.
It wasn't intended
the way you took it.
Thanks for dinner.
How did you intend me
to take it?
How are my feelings
not supposed to be hurt?
This is hard
for both of us, Annalise.
-What is, getting fed by me?
-Figuring this out -- us.
Why do you
come here, then?
Visit me while I'm sick,
bring me Chinese food --
why do that?
Because I'm trying
to be here for you.
Is that all?
Because
I'm the one thinking,
"Maybe he's coming here
because it's all an act.
He's just waiting for
a chance to make me pay."
You're serious?
You still think that's possible?
Look me in the eye
and tell me I'm wrong.
You're wrong.
You know
how you can know that?
What good would that do me
to tell the truth now?
Tell me how that helps out
any of us at this point.
I forgave you, Annalise.
That's why I came here.
For dinner.
It's that simple.
Come here.
[ Door opens, closes ]
Wes: They said
it'd take 20 minutes.
-For a sandwich?
-[ Scoffs ]
[ Scoffs ]
They better be good.
Mm-hmm.
Cleveland's finest.
[ Sighs ]
What really happened?
He's been calling
all day.
[ Sniffles ]
He's my father...basically.
I know, it's a total cliché,
but, yeah.
I fell for my father.
What's the deal
with your father?
Uh...
[chuckles, sniffles]
[ Voice breaking ]
He is not a good person,
to the point that, uh,
everything we've done
with Annalise --
yeah, there's a reason
why I haven't been as messed up
by it as everyone else.
[ Sniffles ]
I thought I'd get away from him,
become someone better.
But instead, I ended up
dating a guy just like him
and liking it.
That's the worst part.
And I don't know what to do
with that, because...
[ Breathes shakily ]
...what does that make me?
[ Sobs ]
You're not a bad person.
-[ Sighs ] Shut up.
-I'm serious.
Maybe your dad is.
[ Sighs ]
And Frank, Annalise.
[ Sniffles, sighs ]
But you've been watching out
for me when you didn't have to.
So...
thank you
is all I'm saying.
Stop being so nice.
It makes me feel weird.
That was...
I really shouldn't
have done that.
Uh, yeah.
We're --
We're just tired.
Yeah.
I'll go check
on the food.
Great, yeah.
[ Door opens ]
[ Door closes ]
[ Knock on door ]
-You're not in trouble.
-Then leave me alone.
Rose:
[ Breathing shakily ]
You looked me straight
in the eye, and you said
you were telling the truth,
but you weren't,
were you?
You didn't see Charles
that night.
You can find another witness.
I know you can find someone.
I can't.
It's only you.
I don't know what's gonna happen
anymore, Rose.
You said you would do this,
and now...
this man --
I don't know what he
will do if you don't
do what you promised.
You're just as bad
as them.
[ Lock clicks ]
Christophe:
Who was that?
No one.
-Go to bed.
-We were going to watch TV.
Since when is it okay
to give me mouth?
You go to bed
when I say.
Go to bed!
Man: Here's all the files
on Rose Edmond.
The medical examiner's
report,
and here's
all the police reports
from the investigation.
Anything else?
♪♪
You really don't remember
any of this?
I remember finding her.
Here.
They call it a suicide.
"Cause of death attributed
to acute blood loss
from an incised wound
to the neck.
Based on angle and depth
of the laceration,
it appears the injury
was self-inflicted."
Two medical examiners
and the case detective
signed off on it.
[ Sighs ]
This is my fault.
I made you come
all the way here,
and it was a stupid idea.
Let's go home.
Ohio sucks.
Nate:
What time is it?
A little past 8:00.
Wow.
I can't remember the last time
I slept that late.
[ Chuckles ]
It's the sheets.
Yeah.
They're nice.
What?
[ Rapid footsteps on video ]
You want my advice?
Of course.
You don't negotiate
with crazies.
Wait him out.
Eventually,
they surrender.
Anything else is
throwing fuel on the fire.
So...
I'm with you.
You do --
Nothing.
There was no time stamp
on the video.
We can easily say it was taken
on a different night.
I'm sure there's a way to prove
it was taken that night.
People saw us,
what we were wearing.
But if we pay him --
Have you thought that through?
What's to stop him from asking
for another million?
What's to stop him
from sending it to the police?
His fear of getting found.
Do you really think this is
about the money for him?
No, it's about feeling
small, insecure --
that, "Mommy and Daddy never
loved me," because they didn't.
And now he's taking it out
on us.
We're gonna call his bluff.
-And what if he calls ours?
-Let him.
-20 seconds until the deadline.
-Good.
Let him know
that we're in this together --
eight of us
against one of his pathetic ass.
Actually, just six, since Wes
and Laurel are still missing.
Maybe we tell him
we need more time.
-No, we don't.
-10 seconds.
Count it down.
Show him what we think of him,
that we don't give a flying --
Five, four, three,
two, one.
See?
Now get up
and get some work done for once.
Asher: Wait.
We beat his ass.
He can suck on my --
[ Computer chimes ]
Well, that didn't last
very long, did it?
When was this?
-Last night.
-He's here in town?
Oh, God.
Oh, God. Oh, God.
[ Door closes ]
[ Footsteps approaching ]
I need to talk to you.
Alone.
-Now is not
a good time, Laurel.
-I don't care.
You will when you see
this video.
Philip's stalking us.
I said I don't care!
Now.
Did you know
this whole time?
Know what?
This.
You really don't remember
any of this?
I remember finding her.
There.
Is it true? Hmm?
Did Wes kill his mother?
[ Choking, gasping ]